[KOGITO-7610] - Adding downstream content to upstream (#81)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/_common-content/productized-instructions.adoc

:page-partial:

:rhbq_config_registry_url: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_build_of_quarkus/quarkus-2-7/guide/f93c45bd-4feb-4f74-a70a-022e9fb41957#_9064727c-4b8a-4068-a9ba-8de6b258a14a
:rhbq_config_maven_url: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_build_of_quarkus/quarkus-2-7/guide/f93c45bd-4feb-4f74-a70a-022e9fb41957#proc_download-maven_quarkus-getting-started

> [[configurint-maven-rhbq]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[proc-configuring-maven-rhbq]]
```

== Configuring your Maven project to Red Hat build of Quarkus and OpenShift Serverless Logic

> To use the Red Hat Build of Quarkus (RHBQ) libraries you have to configure your local Maven installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Red Hat Build of Quarkus (RHBQ) libraries, you need to configure your local Maven installation.
```

.Procedure

> . Follow the instructions in the RHBQ documentation, sections: link:{rhbq_config_maven_url}[Configuring the Maven settings.xml file for the online repository] and link:{rhbq_config_registry_url}[Configuring Quarkus extension registry client].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To configure the Maven `settings.xml` file and Quarkus extension registry client, follow the instructions in the link:{rhbq_config_maven_url}[Configuring the Quarkus Maven repository] and link:{rhbq_config_registry_url}[Configuring Quarkus extension registry client].
```

+

> . Add the following excerpt to your project's `pom.xml` file:

Reviewer 2: This is included before the Quarkus CLI/Maven plugin is executed, so either we split this in 2 parts where registry and Maven settings config will be included before the command and kogito-bom inclusion will be included after or here we can say to include this pom after the project is generated.

Author: I don't see it as a problem really. We may change the wording a bit, but splitting the procedure feels bad IMO. @hmanwani-rh what do you think?

Reviewer 3: I think something as `After project is created, add the following excerpt ...`

> . After the project is created, add the following excerpt to your project's `pom.xml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After the project is created, add the following dependencies to the `pom.xml` file of your project:
```

+

> [source,xml,subs="attributes+"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Dependencies in `pom.xml` file
[source,xml,subs="attributes+"]
```
